Dear Huub,

In 2020 no NAC will be held, but a number of parallel activities,
organized by Leiden Observatory (instead of our Flemish colleagues,
whose turn it would have been) will take place as follows: These
parallel activities will be organized during the European Astronomical
Society Annual Meeting from 29 June â€“ 3 July 2020 at the Event \&
Convention Center and Holiday Inn Leiden, The Netherlands

We organize a 4-day programme from 13:00 to 17:00 (with 30
minutes coffee).  Each afternoon starts with one 30 minute invited
talk, and ends with a 30 minute invited talk.  The 3:30 hours is
devided 7 slots of 20 minutes for contributed talks with 2x10 mintes
extra time for delays.

Talks will be presented in one of the auditoriums (capacity ~100 people).

Parallel with the contributed talks we have hands-on sessions, in
which practical assistance can be provided in various topics that have
been discussed during the main talks.

Session topics: Outreach, Instrumentation, Simulations and modeling,
Multi-messenger astronomy, Imaging, Spectroscopy, Theory,
Inteferometry.

Hands-on session topics: LOFAR data reduction, Training on outreach,
Machine learning, NOVA-6, Cosmolgical simulations, Python in
astronomy, GAIA, AMUSE, data reduction.

Community building activity: There is a vide available, which we may
be able to claim as the ``Dutch Garden'' with an activity such as a
Lego sculpture to build, a puzzle make or something else to keep
people entertained outside the talks, focussing on a Dutch theme
within astronomy.

Press involvement:
We would like to involve the press a bit more actively than during
earlier NACs.  At the moment we are in discussion with Marieke Baan on
organizing writing sessions in te press room by coupling a Dutch
astronomer with a journalist and have them write, together, an article
for the `{\em Kids Week} or a chapter of a children book on astronomy.

Posters:
Whereas EAS will be equipped with electronic posters, we, during the
NAC, would like to use paper posters. which will be exposed at the
long corridor connecting the hotel with the main venue.  In this way,
the NAC posters remain distinct from the EAS posters, and we can have
our NAC posterprize as usual.

